README.md, before:

# Express Note Taker

## Description
This note taker is built with express and node.js, and on page load, it takes you to the homepage where you can click the get started button. When this button is clicked, it takes you to the notes page where it will load your saved notes in the left column, it can add new notes by clicking the plus button in the top right and filling out the note title and note text fields, and then hitting the save icon in the top right, and it can delete notes by clicking on the trash can icon on an existing note in the left column.

## Table of Contents
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Project Links](#project-links)
- [Contact Info](#contact-info)

## Technologies Used
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Node.js, Express.js

## Installation
1. Install Node.js 
2. Clone this repository from Github
3. Open the console and run `npm install`
4. Run `node index` inside the console

## Usage
1. Follow the installation instructions above 
2. After running `npm install` and `node index` in the console, answer all the question prompts in the console
3. Copy the `README.md` file that will be generated

Example Screenshots are below

![Usage Example](assets/2Usage.PNG)
![Usage Example](assets/3Usage.PNG)

## Credits
https://github.com/Destroer47

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. To learn more info about the MIT License, click here, https://opensource.org/license/mit/

## Project Links
Github Repository: https://github.com/Destroer47/09-README-Generator    
Video Walkthrough: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1V3ea8DhdmcO5Y91ZzY7bQ8E5u9-SG5Ds/view?usp=sharing

## Contact Info
My Github Profile: [Destroer47](https://github.com/Destroer47)  
My email: andrewj5787@jesterz.net

Commit message:

README added and db entry changed

README.md, after:

# Express Note Taker

## Description
This note taker is built with express and node.js, and on page load, it takes you to the homepage where you can click the get started button. When this button is clicked, it takes you to the notes page where it will load your saved notes in the left column, it can add new notes by clicking the plus button in the top right and filling out the note title and note text fields, and then hitting the save icon in the top right, and it can delete notes by clicking on the trash can icon on an existing note in the left column.

## Table of Contents
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Project Links](#project-links)
- [Contact Info](#contact-info)

## Technologies Used
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Node.js, Express.js

## Installation
1. Install Node.js 
2. Clone this repository from Github
3. Open the console and run `npm install`
4. Run `npm start` to start the server
5. Open your web browser at http://localhost:3001

## Usage
1. Follow the installation instructions above or launch the application at the Heroku Link: https://express-note-taker-11-bfc232842970.herokuapp.com/
2. Click on the Get Started button on the home page.
3. When you are taken to the notes page, it will load your saved notes in the left column. 
4. You can add new notes by clicking the plus button in the top right and filling out the note title and note text fields, and then hitting the save icon in the top right. 
5. You can delete notes by clicking on the trash can icon on an existing note in the left column.
6. You can get back to the home page by clicking on Note Taker in the top left of the navigation bar.

Example Screenshots are below

![Home Page](assets/Home.jpg)
> **Note**: Shows the home page

![Note Page](assets/Notes.jpg)
> **Note**: Shows the note page

![Adding a New Note](assets/NewNote.jpg)
> **Note**: By clicking on the plus sign in the top right, and filling in the text fields for the note, and then clicking the save button in the top right, you can add a new note

![New Note Added](assets/NewNoteAdded.jpg)
> **Note**: Shows the note being added to the notes list on the left hand sidebar

## Credits
https://github.com/Destroer47

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. To learn more info about the MIT License, click here, https://opensource.org/license/mit/

## Project Links
Github Repository: https://github.com/Destroer47/09-README-Generator    
Heroku Deployment: https://express-note-taker-11-bfc232842970.herokuapp.com/

## Contact Info
My Github Profile: [Destroer47](https://github.com/Destroer47)  
My email: andrewj5787@jesterz.net
